hey everyone today I want to show you
something that I ordered a while ago and
arrived in the mail last week yes and
I've been a very good girl I haven't
opened it as you can see because I
wanted to open it on camera to show you
guys and it's actually a magnetic
massage wick exercise loop for adults so
it's pretty big and it has these little
rounded things with magnets on it I'm
not sure what it is I thought it looked
incredibly funny it's supposed to be a
good tool for exercising and obviously
it's going to strengthen your back and
your abdominal muscles so it should be
good for toning as well
weight loss acupressure because of the
magnets inside and the little you know
bumps in the center of the hoop and I
think it's just a really fun way to
exercise so I bought it it was a twenty
nine ninety five euros and there there
were no shipping costs so that's not too
much and they have them in different
sizes and this is the sorry not in
different sizes but in different weights
because they're weighted I can feel it
this is the one from 1.1 kilograms which
was best for my personal weight and it
was also you know good for people who
have that back injuries or bad back and
I have a little bit of a bad lower back
so I didn't want to get one that was too
heavy for my body type because that
would really hurt my back that's not a
good thing but what's really cool about
this is that these aren't these pipes
are hollow and you can actually put sand
in them if you want to have it you know
way more if you want to add weight to
your hoop so if you buy one that's to
have
for you you're screwed basically and if
you buy one that's light you can also
make it heavier as you go along and your
muscles get stronger they do advise to
not use it for too long in the beginning
so no more than five minutes because
apparently you can get really really bad
bruising okay I'm going to unwrap it and
I look forward to seeing what it looks
like obviously I still need to assemble
it because it does not fit into a tiny
box like this and I can't wait to see
what it looks like this looks so funny I
mean look at that it's like an octopus
or something
this time it should be pretty
straightforward you just you know press
the button here and Kenna it doesn't
press very well mmm
okay just press the button and slide it
in okay good you have to alternate the
colors so you know yellow orange yellow
orange yellow orange etc so let's do
that
so it's actually really really big so I
can't really do it in this room or I
will knock things over so I think I'm
gonna go outside and give it a little
try there come on
okay so I just tried it out in my garden
and my first impression is ow
these things oh my god
there I thought they were going to be a
little bit soft you know they're not
they're really really hard
look you can't press them it's painful
well I think it's going to get better as
you get used to it you know it's always
when you're using attributes for a
sports fitness whatever dance it always
hurts at first but this is really bad
but anyway it always hurts the first
side you think you're going to get used
to it and it will stop hurting and it
will be fine but it's definitely not
something I can start you know doing for
ten minutes right away because it just
just hurts too much so I do think that
I'm not going to get in beautifully
toned abs just yet I am however going to
get blue and purple abs yeah I'm
definitely going to be bruising I can
already feel it I'm going to be improved
tomorrow despite of how much it hurts I
do think it will get better really
quickly I think that if I do it every
week every week everything every week is
not going to help much if I do it every
day then and slowly build it up it
should be okay I think that in two weeks
time it will not hurt at all anymore or
not as much because I'll just be used to
it and I can definitely see how you
would get tones using this so I'm not
going to give up I'm going to keep
trying and I'm going to
the bruising with it I don't care I'll
just keep the ice packs ready to go you
can always use it to massage your neck
and shoulders if you don't use it for
what it's meant for so if I really can't
get you suited I will use it for that
that purpose no but all joking aside oh
it even hurts there Oh joking aside
though um I'm glad I chose a light one
because if I would have gone for a
heavier one it would be way too heavy
for me and yeah
if you're under 60 kilograms definitely
go for this one unless you're crazy fit
and you're definitely sure you can jump
right to the heavier ones but I wouldn't
recommend it I think this is fine start
with so I'll put all the information
about the hula hoops and all the
different ones and everything in the
description box below I hope you liked
the video and my next video will be my
May and June favorites so stay tuned for
that bye